Docs: add more information about graph QL and PWA integration fro Magento 2 (#1090)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/plugins/magento2/faq/pwa-support.md

---
title : "Can I integrate the plugin in my PWA storefront?"
meta_title: "Magento 2 plugin FAQ - PWA integration - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
read_more: "."
---

> Yes, plugin fully compatible with GraphQL queries and it's easy possible to integrate into your PWA store with our additional separate [module for GraphQL support](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/magento2-graphql)

Reviewer: ```
Yes, the plugin is fully compatible with GraphQL queries and it is possible to easily integrate it into your PWA store with an additional separate [module for GraphQL support](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/magento2-graphql)
```

> Yes, the plugin is fully compatible with GraphQL queries and it is possible to easily integrate it into your PWA store with an additional separate [module for GraphQL support](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/magento2-graphql)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Yes, the plugin is compatible with GraphQL queries and easy to integrate into your PWA store with an additional [module for GraphQL support](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/magento2-graphql)
```
